Lyell Read - Recitation 1 Take Home Quiz

1. Choose 3 guidelines and describe why they mean alot to you:

 - Think through and re-read your comments before presenting them: One of the things I value is preparation. Preparing for this both looks good, as I'll be able to present better to a TA, while it also shows respect for the TA because it shows that I took measures to limit the amount of their time I am taking up with the presentation. I chose this guideline because it is both respectful and core to my philosophy of preparedness.
 - Disagree with ideas, but do not make personal attacks: I believe strongly in cooperative disagreement (or constructive criticism). This forms the foundation for a questioning method of learning. That said, personal attacks are the opposite of productive - they do not get the perpetrator anywhere productive, while making the victim uncomfortable.
 - Be willing to change: Change is necessary to life. Changing jobs, changing study habits and learning habits are all part of growth. I chose this because to grow and evolve, and eventually improve, the ability to change must be mastered.

2. Late Assignment Policy

Late assignments are assignments that are submitted after the deadline, usually a sunday. In total, I have 5 "free late days" which I can use either all as one (and get a 5-day reprieve on an assignment deadline) or individaully (and get multiple smaller deadline 'breaks').

3. Scheduling Demos

To schedule a demo, use the link under TA Office Hours under the Grading Hours column to choose a time. 

4. What happens if you miss/resched a demo with a TA

 - Missing a demo: 10 point deduction
 - Reschedule: send an email to TA with subject "CS161 Cancel Demo" and reschedule.

5. What happens if you demo an assignment past two weeks past the due date:

50 pt deduction

6. Not compiling :(

$PROJECT_GRADE = 0

7. Miss lab, rec or lec who to email + subject

 - Lab: Instructor + Lab TA, subject "CS161 LAB"
 - Lecture: Email instructor with subject "CS161 Attendance"
 - Recitation: Instructor + Recitation TA, subject "CS161 Recitation Attendance"

8. Designs

Submitted to Canvas 1 week prior to due date for assignment. Listing posted under Assignments tab. 

9. Late designs

Late up to 5 days are accepted full credit. Critique grade (peer review) will be 0, though, after the deadline.

10. Design, Critique point worth

Design: .4*$RECITATION_POINTS = 40% Recitation grade
Critique = .2*$RECITATION_POINTS = 20% Recitation Grade